Gregic!
Made with Polybenzimidazole!
Legally distinct classified industrial processes
Made by Zalgo
IV is 1 week away!
Supersymmetry!
Lore is contained on CERN servers!
Tungstensteel!
Circuits!
500 PBFs
Jarvis, another round of Polytetrafluoroethylene
Chemical!
The Federation approves of this message!
Get ready for Gregification
All systems ready
GTFO stands for Gregtech Food Option
Realistic!
There is no magic in Susy!
Prepare to defend your base!
All your Chemicals are belong to us
Computers
The industrial revolution, and it's future
Oil refinery!
Rockets!
Susy space update is real!
Zalgosław Poniatowski!
Space exploration!
The Federation does not approve of this message!
<Warning: Player did not watch 78 unskippable ads before playing game, report sent to federation command>
World industrialization for dummies
Tell your fiends to Greg!
Complex chains!
So realistic it will get you on a list!
Discover what happen in the world!
Did you pray to greg today?
Gregistan: real or fake?
CERN copied our research!
SuSy!
Programming!
The floppa is a venerated animal!
Man discovers fire or Man discoers Greg?
Rise and shine mr freeman...
The 100 step Microplastic chain must grow
Resonance Cascade update?!
Tardis is unbreakable
Your Susy device is ready to pair
Where are your fracking plants?
Making the mother of all modpacks here Jack!
You forgot the maintenance hatch!
@Zalgo Why my multiblock not forming??
Pressure levels critical! Quickly! Press AZ5 without thinking!
You forgot to chunkload!
The factory must expand!
Refine everything!
Factory planner offline!
Calculating optimal suffering...
You're quitting? What, is it 3am already? Same time tomorrow, right?
Fusion solves everything!
Parallel processing engaged!
Optimization will continue until morale improves.
Spaghetti in code AND in  game!
Thermodynamics would like to know your location
Upgrade your circuits!
The pipes are full!
Welcome to another symmetric sermon!
The age of automation
Processing... processing... still processing...
Overclock responsibly!
Sum, from i equals one to L, of: c sub i times k sub s, times the maximum of two terms. First term: f sub s times the dot product of v-hat and r-hat sub i, all raised to the power k sub spec. Second term: f sub r times k sub r times the dot product of v-hat and r-hat sub i, all raised to the power k sub rim. Close max, close brackets, end sum.
Spin launchers aren't real bro they can't hurt you
GREG IS DISPLEASED
GREG IS PLEASED
Manual crafting detected...
The power grid demands expansion!
Engineers! Watch out for that sentry buster!
Your Pressure swing absorber can't save you now!
Stones to drones!
Don't worry boys, engineer gaming, is here!
There is always a better alloy!
OutOfMemoryException? Fabricate more RAM!
Better than a university degree!
Can someone fix spotless?
GTFO gaslights you into eating!
A sea of Creosote!
Polymers beyond comprehension!
If you're not gregging yet, you might as well walk out now
Don't mix voltage tiers!
We do a little bit of Zaltrolling
Made by Volunteers!
Your buffers are full!
Did you automate that yet?
Rubylith automation when?
Calculating optimal gregging...
Zalgo may or may not leak lore in #general
More byproducts than outputs!
Balance your inputs!
Your ore patches are drying up!
The federation will not be happy about this!
Overflow imminent!
Sorry, your insurance policy does not cover auto-mortar damage...
